Add skip secure option example in app access docs (#5066)
gravitational/teleport: docs/5.0/application-access.md

     uri: "https://localhost:8001"
     public_addr: "jira.example.com"
```
### Skip TLS certification verification

>   Skip validating TLS certificate for applications.  Useful for applications that are using self-signed certificates.

Reviewer: I'v expanded the note to be more explicit in why/what this does. 

```suggestion
  Corporation often use self-signed certificates for internal applications. Teleport attempts to check if the certificates are signed by a CA (Certificate Authority). If using self-signed certificates use  `insecure_skip_verify: true` to skip this verification step. 
```

>   Corporations often use self-signed certificates for internal applications. Teleport attempts to check if the certificates are signed by a trusted CA (Certificate Authority). If using self-signed certificates use  `insecure_skip_verify: true` to skip this verification step. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Corporations often use self-signed certificates for internal applications. Teleport attempts to check if the certificates are signed by a trusted CA (Certificate Authority). If using self-signed certificates use `insecure_skip_verify: true` to skip this verification step.
```
